My name is Donald, I was born and raised in Brooklyn, New York.
As I was growing up, you know, I gravitated toward the streets, started using marijuana.
Got into a lot of trouble in school, and it just snowballed.
I wanted to know God, but I was just too preoccupied with running the streets and getting
high.
I was messed up.
I got strung out, it was in the street, light up in jail, and that's when I got my witness
in prison.
It was a slow process, as I was getting to know Jehovah, and I was making the changes.
A lot of us going in with depressed, because of the situation, we're looking for some hope,
coming in here with 25 years, 15 years, you know, when you're thinking your life is over,
your life not over, you know, Jehovah could do a lot with you, Jehovah, you know, your
whole perspective can change.
I knew if I applied what I learned, Jehovah would not let me down.
I made a lot of decisions based on what I was learning and what I wanted to do for the
future, because I knew God could help me get my life back.
When I finally made my first meeting, I'm sitting in the congregation, I go straight
to the front, I'm in Jehovah's house, I'm all right.
I was determined that I was going to keep studying.
And I have people's respect, and you know, the congregation looks up to me, and I always
attribute that to Jehovah, I never had this, you know, I was just a bum on the street.
From my very first meeting, it felt like my congregation was my family.
My study has helped me to be a better husband, and I respect my wife, and I love my wife,
and I'm going to be loyal and faithful to my wife.
I spent seven and a half years of my life in prison, and it was like I thought my life
was worthless.
But yeah, it's not a day I don't go thank Jehovah for taking me out of the darkness.
You know, he wants to take care of us, and he don't care what the situation is, he can
take us up out of any situation if we just want him to do it his way.